
Features of Mammals

Their bodies are covered with keratin feathers. Hairs are effective in flying and isolation of the body. Its front members differed in the form of wings. Most bones are hollow. 

This makes the skeleton lighter. They make lung breathing. There are air sacs attached to their lungs and these sacs extend into the bones that are hollow. The presence of air pouches facilitates flying.
They have beaks and no teeth in their mouths.

They are warm-blooded (constant body temperature) animals.

Their hearts are four rooms. Dirty and clean blood does not mix in the heart, and dirty and clean blood circulates separately in the body.

Internal fertilization and external development are observed. Their eggs are covered with a hard shell. They usually incubate.

Chicken, eagle, sparrow, canary, penguin, ostrich are the creatures studied in this group.Mammals' bodies are often covered in hair. The most important function of the bristles is to provide thermal insulation.
They make lung breathing. There are alveolar sacs in the lungs. Usually mature red blood cells are seedless.
They have sweat glands on their skin.
Their hearts are four rooms. Dirty and clean blood does not mix. They are warm-blooded creatures.
A diaphragm muscle is located between the chest and abdominal cavity.
Teeth in different parts of their jaws are specialized to perform different tasks (such as cutter, grinder, shredder).
Nervous systems are very developed.
All of them have internal fertilization. There is puppy care. The offspring feed on the milk secreted from the milk glands.
Mammals; They are examined in three groups: beaked mammals, marsupial mammals and placental mammals.

a-) Beaked mammals
Since members of this group multiply by spawning, they are also described as spawning mammals. The offspring are fed with milk after hatching. Many of these creatures are extinct. There are two examples living today. These are spiny anteater and duck-billed mammals.

b-) Marsupial mammals
The embryo remains briefly in the body during the development of these creatures. The baby, born without completing its development, completes its development by feeding with milk in a special pouch attached to the womb.
Kangaroo, koala, marsupial squirrel are examined in this group.

c-) Placental mammals
It is the group that makes up the majority of mammals living today. The embryos of these creatures complete their development in the uterus (womb) in the womb. During the development, the need for the substance exchange of the embryo is provided through a special structure called the placenta.
Rabbits, horses, whales, bats and monkeys are among the creatures studied in this group.